c:\users\ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\bin\Debug\pinger.exe.config
c:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\bin\Debug\pinger.exe
c:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\bin\Debug\pinger.pdb
c:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\bin\Debug\pinger.xml
c:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\obj\Debug\pinger.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\obj\Debug\pinger.checkout.resources
c:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\obj\Debug\pinger.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\obj\Debug\pinger.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\obj\Debug\pinger.exe
c:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\obj\Debug\pinger.xml
c:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\obj\Debug\pinger.pdb
C:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\obj\Debug\Pinger.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\obj\Debug\Pinger.trayform.resources
C:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\obj\Debug\Pinger.AboutBox1.resources
C:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\obj\Debug\Pinger.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\bin\Debug\Pinger.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\bin\Debug\Pinger.application
C:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\obj\Debug\Pinger.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\obj\Debug\Pinger.application
C:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Ianick\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pinger\pinger\bin\Debug\es\System.Net.Http.resources.dll
